CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing

Pull requests are welcome.

## Tests

There are unit and integration tests that can be run to test functionality of the client.

## Unit Tests

To run the unit tests:

```sh
vendor/bin/phpspec run spec/unit/ --format=pretty --verbose
```

## Integration Tests

Before running the integration tests, please ensure that the environment variables are set up.

```
export NOTIFY_API_URL="https://example.notify-api.url"
export API_KEY="example_API_test_key"
export FUNCTIONAL_TEST_NUMBER="valid mobile number"
export FUNCTIONAL_TEST_EMAIL="valid email address"
export EMAIL_TEMPLATE_ID="valid email_template_id"
export SMS_TEMPLATE_ID="valid sms_template_id"
export LETTER_TEMPLATE_ID="valid letter_template_id"
export EMAIL_REPLY_TO_ID="valid email reply to id"
export SMS_SENDER_ID="valid sms_sender_id - to test sending to a receiving number, so needs to be a valid number"
export API_SENDING_KEY="API_team_key for sending a SMS to a receiving number"
export INBOUND_SMS_QUERY_KEY="API_test_key to get received text messages"
```

To run the integration tests:

```sh
vendor/bin/phpspec run spec/integration/ --format=pretty --verbose
```

To run both sets of tests:

```sh
vendor/bin/phpspec run --format=pretty
```

Commit message:

Change CONTRIBUTING.md to advocate using Docker
This can be consistent across the other API clients, some of which
are harder to run natively. Although the task to prepare the image
is currently run automatically, this will change in future commits,
so we may as well put in the words for it now.

It's unclear why we didn't refer to tasks in the Makefile instead
of writing out the full commands. Using "make test..." is consistent
with our other API clients.

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing

Pull requests are welcome.

## Setting Up

### Docker container

This app uses dependencies that are difficult to install locally. In order to make local development easy, we run app commands through a Docker container. Run the following to set this up:

```shell
make prepare-docker-runner-image
```

## Tests

There are unit and integration tests that can be run to test functionality of the client.

## Unit Tests

To run the unit tests:

```sh
make test-with-docker
```

## Integration Tests

Before running the integration tests, please ensure that the environment variables are set up.

```
export NOTIFY_API_URL="https://example.notify-api.url"
export API_KEY="example_API_test_key"
export FUNCTIONAL_TEST_NUMBER="valid mobile number"
export FUNCTIONAL_TEST_EMAIL="valid email address"
export EMAIL_TEMPLATE_ID="valid email_template_id"
export SMS_TEMPLATE_ID="valid sms_template_id"
export LETTER_TEMPLATE_ID="valid letter_template_id"
export EMAIL_REPLY_TO_ID="valid email reply to id"
export SMS_SENDER_ID="valid sms_sender_id - to test sending to a receiving number, so needs to be a valid number"
export API_SENDING_KEY="API_team_key for sending a SMS to a receiving number"
export INBOUND_SMS_QUERY_KEY="API_test_key to get received text messages"
```

To run the integration tests:

```sh
make integration-test-with-docker
```
